RHDEVDOCS-6245: Add sane defaults to chains (#84253)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/op-chains-generating-x509-secret.adoc

The {pipelines-title} Operator generates an `ecdsa` type key pair: an `x509.pem` private key and an `x509-pub.pem` public key. The Operator stores the keys in the `signing-secrets` secret in the `openshift-pipelines` namespace.
[WARNING]
====
If you set the `generateSigningSecret` field from `true` to `false`, the {pipelines-title} Operator overrides and empties any value in the `signing-secrets` secret. Ensure that you store the `x509-pub.pem` public key outside of the secret to protect the key from the deletion. The Operator can use the key at a later stage to verify artifact attestations.
====

The {pipelines-title} Operator does not provide the following functions to limit potential security issues:

* Key rotation 
* Auditing key usage
* Proper access control to the key

.Prerequisites

* You installed the {oc-first} utility.
* You are logged in to your {OCP} cluster with administrative rights for the `openshift-pipelines` namespace.

.Procedure

. Edit the `TektonConfig` CR by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc edit TektonConfig config
----

. In the `TektonConfig` CR, set the `generateSigningSecret` value to `true`:
+

> .Example of creating ecdsa key pair by using the TektonConfig CR

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Example of creating an ecdsa key pair by using the TektonConfig CR
```

Author: Done :slightly_smiling_face:

// This module is included in the following assemblies:
// * secure/using-tekton-chains-for-openshift-pipelines-supply-chain-security.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE

> 

Reviewer: Not a big deal but just to be safe, remove the space so the mod doc tag is closer to the ID heading. Parsing AsciiDoc syntax on our portals can be delicate at times.

[id="chains-generating-x509-secret_{context}"]

> = Generating the x509 key pair using the TektonConfig CR

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Generating the x509 key pair by using the TektonConfig CR
```

IBM SG: 
![Screenshot from 2024-11-28 15-45-56](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/58118397-9ef7-4dd2-b711-6b60408a64f5)

> To use the `x509` signing scheme for {tekton-chains} secrets, you must generate the `x509` key pair.

Author: @PuneetPunamiya can you please just check this one line that I just added based on @mramendi 's feedback? Thank you!

Reviewer 2: LGTM

You can generate the `x509` key pair by setting the `generateSigningSecret` field in the `TektonConfig` custom resource (CR) to `true`. 

> The {pipelines-title} Operator generates an `ecdsa` type key pair: `x509.pem` private key and `x509-pub.pem` public key, and stores them in the `signing-secrets` secret in the `openshift-pipelines` namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The {pipelines-title} Operator generates an `ecdsa` type key pair: an `x509.pem` private key and an `x509-pub.pem` public key. The Operator stores the keys in `signing-secrets` that exists in the `openshift-pipelines` namespace.
```

Author: i believe based on the guidelines the `signing-secrets` need a sepecification of what kinf of object it is: a secret. So I will keep that part as the `signing-secrets` secret. I applied the rest of the changes.

[WARNING]
====

> If you set the `generateSigningSecret` field from `true` to `false`, the {pipelines-title} Operator overrides and empties the `signing-secrets` secret in the `openshift-pipelines` namespace. Therefore, ensure that you store the `x509-pub.pem` public key outside of the secret to protect it from the deletion and use it to verify later artifact attestations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you set the `generateSigningSecret` field from `true` to `false`, the {pipelines-title} Operator overrides and empties any value in `signing-secrets`. Ensure that you store the `x509-pub.pem` public key outside of the secret to protect the key from deletion. The Operator can use the key at a later stage to verify artifact attestations.
```

Author: I applied the changes here except the last sentence as I believe my version is more minimalistic. I applied there your suggestion to replace "it" with "the key", therefore the second "it" no longer conveys double meaning and should be therefore okay to use :+1:

====

> The {pipelines-title} Operator *does not* provide the following functions to limit potential security issues:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The {pipelines-title} Operator does not provide the following functions to limit potential security issues:
```

From the IBM SG: 

![Screenshot from 2024-11-28 15-53-01](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f9bb0716-3426-4d99-998e-ac2fcb5524d9)

Reviewer: Better to use a note to draw attention as against using bold emphasis that makes the surrounding information less important.

* Key rotation 
* Auditing key usage
* Proper access control to the key

.Prerequisites

> * You installed the OpenShift CLI (`oc`) utility.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* You installed the {oc-first} utility.
```

* You are logged in to your {OCP} cluster with administrative rights for the `openshift-pipelines` namespace.

.Procedure

. Edit the `TektonConfig` CR by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc edit TektonConfig config
----

. In the `TektonConfig` CR, set the `generateSigningSecret` value to `true`:
+

> .Example of creating ecdsa key pair

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Example TektonConfig CR that specifies an ecdsa key pair
```

Author: I am not sure if "specifies" here would be the right word. So I tweaked it a little.
